[THEME MUSIC]
>> RICHARD C. DOTY:
So this first mission,
they go out on a
newer Cronus craft.
They call it Cronus 2.
They find this portal, they go
through the portal and they find
themselves in our solar system
4,000 years into the future.
And as they approach
Earth, the spacecraft
was captured in a net.
The planet seemed
to be the same,
although everything
is built up in almost
an anti-gravity environment.
>> JOSH GOLEMBESKE: OK, so is
there any other interactions
or anything important you'd
like to share about this event?
>> DOTY: Yeah, a
very important part.
[AUDIO LOGO]
>> JOSH: Time travel sounds
like science fiction,
but what if it already happened?
Today, we're talking about the
Cronus mission's secret flights
that have sent US astronauts
thousands of years
into the future.
Joining me is Richard Doty,
a former Air Force OSI
agent with direct involvement
in classified programs.
I'm guest host, Josh Golembeske,
let's dive right into it.
Rick, welcome back to the show.
>> DOTY: Good to be here, Josh.
>> JOSH: OK, I'm fired
up for this conversation.
I know in the last
episode, we went
over the basics of
the MINOT program
and the construction
of the Cronus craft.
Now we're going to dive
into the juicy stuff,
the actual missions.
So please, I know we
talked about one test
mission to the moon and back,
but that didn't involve portals.
Now, we're going to
talk about time travel
to some point in the future.
So can you please walk me
through the first mission
for Cronus?
>> DOTY: The first mission
was a very exciting mission
because, number one, even though
the astronauts were trained,
they didn't know what to expect.
We talked a little about what
they would have experienced.
Secondly, they didn't know
exactly where this portal was,
but they knew that once they got
to it, the outer skin of Cronus
would take over along with
this pathway box, which
apparently worked
together with the skin,
open up or curved time, and
allowed that craft to go
into the portal.
And that's what happened.
Now, here's one of
the problems that
plagued the planners
and the astronauts.
OK, we know approximately where
this portal is, near Mars.
We're going to go out and
we're going to get into it,
and then we're going to travel
through this portal to parts
unknown, because they didn't
know exactly where they
were coming out.
Now, I don't know
this for a fact,
but I'm sure they must
have asked J-Rod, OK,
we're going to go to this
portal, portal XYZ, whatever,
however they refer to it.
We're going to go through it.
Where are we going to end up?
And I don't know if J.
Rod said, well, you're
going to end up at this
point in space or whatever.
They didn't know, but
they were prepared.
The astronauts were
trained in star navigation.
Every single Air Force pilot is
trained to navigate by the stars
or by the constellations.
So they knew that they had to
steady before they went out
there, because if they got
out there to a certain place,
they didn't know
where they were at.
They'd have to look
at the constellations,
star groups and figure out,
based on their knowledge
and training, where they were
and how far into the future
they were.
That's something that was very
interesting for the planners
and the organizers of
this mission is, OK,
where are you going to end up?
What are you going to see?
What are you going to record?
They did have
recording equipment,
I guess video or some
kind of recording.
Ben didn't explain
exactly what it was,
but he said we had
recording equipment.
So this first
mission, they go out,
excited to get
through this portal.
They go through this
portal and the pixelization
and all this horrible
things happens to the body,
but they come out of it.
And they come out of it and
they're propelled really fast.
And then they slow down.
Now they're in deep space.
They're not near a planet.
They're not near a star.
They're just someplace in space.
So it took them some time to
look out and orient themselves.
And based on star charts and
other things that they used--
and I didn't know, and Ben
didn't explain everything
that they were using--
but they figured they were
40,000 years into the future
at a point in space within
the constellation of Taurus.
>> JOSH: Taurus?
>> DOTY: So they
knew they were there,
but they realized and they based
the 40,000 years on just how
the constellations
move and how--
so they realized that they
were approximately 40,000 years
into the future.
Now, it's mind-boggling to think
that you go through this portal,
you enter at A-- and I always
use A and B because I kind
of have math mind-- but A and
then you go through this and you
come out B, and now
you're 40,000 light years
into the future?
How can that possibly happen?
But there are
scientists out there--
I can't, I'm not a
physicist-- that can
figure that out and explain it.
That portal would have
to bend time somehow.
Because if you're traveling
from one point to another,
there's a distance involved,
regardless of whether you're
in a universe or not.
But these portals, either
they're magic, magical portals,
or they bend the time so as you
go through, the time is bending
and there probably is a
lot more, like I said,
to this that he didn't explain.
But they had this
other device, remember?
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> DOTY: I said the four vector
longitudinal pathway device that
we call it.
And that's not what
J-Rod called it,
that also was able
to somehow determine
whether you are some kind
of a navigational system.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> DOTY: But again, they
weren't near a planet.
They weren't near a star.
They were just in
a point in space.
Now, here's what
really scared them,
because they expected to be in
a solar system or near a star
or near a planet of the star.
Because they figured, OK,
we went through this portal,
why did this portal exist
if it didn't propel him
into a certain area that
they wanted to go to,
like a planet or something?
>> JOSH: Sure.
>> DOTY: So they were really
concerned that this quantum
cord, however that worked, and
we still don't know how that
worked--
>> JOSH: OK.
>> DOTY: --was going
to get them back.
So they stayed out
there some time.
There was no communications
at all, obviously, with Earth,
because you're 40,000
years into the future.
So you can't call Earth on
a phone and say or radio
and say, hey, we're out here.
Can you give us some help?
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> DOTY: This is one thing
they also were trained
in because they're on their own.
There's nobody out
there to help them.
They have to take care of
everything possible, the two
astronauts.
At that time, there were
only two astronauts.
Later, Cronus has
had more astronauts.
So they eventually stayed
out there some time,
mapped the area that they were
in space, and then turned around
and went back.
Used that quantum cord,
however, that worked.
I wish I knew.
I wish I could tell the
viewers how that worked.
And got back to the portal.
And when they got back to Earth,
all the measurements, however--
how they determined that, they
figured they went 40,000 years
to the point and came back.
Now, can you imagine the first
question they'd asked J-Rod is,
you sent us on this
highway to nowhere.
>> JOSH: Right.
Yeah, yeah.
>> DOTY: And there
was an explanation,
and I don't know what
that explanation was.
I wish I did.
Probably yeah, you went
there for something,
some reason, which
I wish we knew.
>> JOSH: So there
was no planets.
There was not a meteor.
There was nothing to
gather once they got there.
It was more about
just the experience
of going through the portal
and traveling in time.
>> DOTY: Exactly.
That's the experience.
And I think it was like a test
or just an experiment maybe
of the equipment.
And once the craft
came back, there
were technicians
and scientists that
immediately analyzed the craft
to see if there was any--
what was the effects
on this craft
from going through this portal.
But apparently,
there's no effects,
doesn't damage anything.
There were some
problems with the food
that they took with them,
how the pixelization
of going through the portal
affected food in containers.
He didn't go into great details
on exactly how that worked,
but obviously they
had enough food
to nourish themselves
and make it back.
But that's the only
thing that affected that,
that the scientists found that
affected the craft from going
through that portal.
>> JOSH: So the food
was still edible?
They got there, they could eat?
>> DOTY: As far as I know, yes.
Yeah, they had enough food
to eat and water to drink.
>> JOSH: I know they were
somewhere in space where there
was no planets, but was there
anything they gleamed from like
appearing 40,000 light
years in the future at all?
Did they observe anything
different or anything
they could take back?
>> DOTY: He said they were in
a point in space that was void
of anything other than looking
out and seeing the other stars
in the constellation
that they were in.
>> JOSH: OK, so nothing
super exciting yet?
Just a test run?
>> DOTY: Exactly.
And it always
fascinates me to think
about this, is why was this--
why did J-Rod or why did
this skin of the craft
select this particular portal?
And why didn't they go
to a planet or in Earth
into the future or
something like that?
Which, of course,
they did later.
But this point in space--
I think that's just me
thinking-- it's probably maybe
it was a mistake.
Maybe they shouldn't
have gone through there.
Or now, this is something
that was brought up to me
by a very brilliant scientist.
Not me, not Rick Doty,
I'm not a physicist.
He says, when we talked
about this privately,
he said that portal might have
had different exit points.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> DOTY: And this particular
craft chose the exit point that
got them to this void in space,
rather than another exit point
that would have got them into
a solar system where they could
look at planets or
close to a star.
Now that could
very well be true.
That's another
explanation for why
did they go in the
middle of nowhere.
>> JOSH: So it was more about
our lack of navigation skills
yet in these portals?
>> DOTY: Exactly.
We got two astronaut humans
in an extraterrestrial craft
with extraterrestrial
navigational systems
and probably don't
fully understand
that four vector longitudinal
pathway, maybe they just
made a mistake.
>> JOSH: Sounds very human.
>> DOTY: Very human.
>> JOSH: The second mission,
where was the portal located
that they went through?
And what year did
this take place in?
>> DOTY: The portal is near
Venus, and the year was 1988.
>> JOSH: Great.
OK.
>> DOTY: Next mission was
on a newer Cronus craft.
They call it Cronus 2.
What they did was they
evaluated everything
that was wrong with Cronus 1,
and they corrected everything
in Cronus 2.
At least they thought they did.
They found different ways of
storing the food, the water,
so during
pixelization, it didn't
affect it going
through the portal,
it wouldn't affect
the food or water.
They also found that the
seeding system was different,
should be different.
The control panel,
they changed that.
They upgraded some other
environmental systems
within the craft that would
alleviate some of the symptoms
that the astronauts suffered
going through the portal.
But the suit, the helmet,
and the environment
inside that craft
that they created
helped alleviate some of those
problems with the pixelization.
But regardless of
what they did to try
to alleviate some of
the symptoms of it,
it didn't make it go away.
Every time you went
through that portal,
you had that pixelization.
So you had to prepare those
astronauts in the future
that the other astronauts
that were trained
for that eventual pixelization
that's going to occur once they
go through that portal.
So they made changes.
The exterior of the craft
wasn't changed, to the best
of my knowledge, just interior.
There were some
upgrades to the uniform,
the suit that was worn by the
astronauts, and the helmets.
So there was an upgrade.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> DOTY: So now they decide
to go on to another mission.
So they go onto a mission.
They go out in space,
they find this portal,
they go through the portal
and they find themselves
in our solar system 4,000
years into the future.
They see Earth.
They're not far from Earth.
And as they approach
Earth, the spacecraft
was captured in a net.
>> JOSH: A net?
>> DOTY: Some kind of a net.
He didn't explain
what the net was.
As the net was coming
down, apparently, Earth
realized that this
craft was from our past
and was able to dock it.
Now, what was Earth like
4,000 years in the future?
Well, number one, it seems
to be defying gravity.
Everything was
built up in space,
up around the sky, floating
cities, floating buildings,
the spaceports were floating.
They communicated with Earth
but here's the problem.
Earth was talking English,
but there was so much
terminology mixed in that the
astronauts didn't understand it.
And here's the reason.
And you think about this,
it only makes sense.
As our technology
advances, we have
to create different
words and phrases.
And so 4,000 years
into the future,
there's so much new technology
that these astronauts
couldn't understand what these
Earthlings were talking about.
They interfaced with them.
They looked the same, although
they appeared all to be taller
than humans in the 1980s.
>> JOSH: Interesting.
>> DOTY: But they were taller.
Every one of them were taller
and most of them lacked hair.
So you would fit right in.
>> JOSH: You beat
me to the joke.
>> DOTY: But they lacked
hair for some reason,
and I don't know, that
wasn't explained to me.
But they did interface.
They spent time looking
at the new technology,
looking at the planet.
The planet seemed to be the
same, although everything
is built up in almost an
anti-gravity environment
for some particular reason.
And again, a lot of this
wasn't explained to me,
but there are other
people that can explain.
Well, there's reasons
probably for that.
But they didn't actually
go on the planet.
They stayed in this
port, the space port.
I don't know that the Earthlings
4,000 years in the future,
wanted to interface
with their people.
I don't know, I'm just guessing.
But they stayed there
for some time period.
They recorded everything.
And then they used a quantum
cord and they went back.
And when they got
back, everything
was still there, recorded.
And then that was
all turned over
to scientists, which
would analyze that.
And one of the interesting
things was when they listened,
when the scientists listened to
the recordings of the Earthlings
4,000 years in the future,
they realized that, wow,
as the technology advances,
the language has to advance.
There's different words,
different phrases.
And so just look
into our time frame.
In my 70 years of being alive,
the language of technology
has changed.
We didn't know what a computer
bit was in the 1960s or '70s.
We didn't know what a lot of
these computer technologies,
or even space terms were then.
But if you think 4,000 years,
that's a heck of a long time
period.
So everything, as the
technology changes--
one of the things
that they were asking
is why is everything in an
anti-gravity environment?
And they explained it.
But every single
one of the words
they were using to explain
it, we didn't understand it.
So my question, of course,
was did you get a dictionary?
Did you bring a
dictionary back with you?
>> JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
>> DOTY: But he said,
no, I don't know.
I don't think that
was thought of.
Oh that's another thing
that was interesting.
I said did you--
did they see a
computer or something?
He said computers was all the
humans, the human's brains
and functions almost
like a computer.
You didn't need a
device to look at.
Now, he didn't go into
great details on that,
but I thought that
that's quite interesting.
Do human beings become
somewhat augmented?
Transhumanism, meaning they
incorporated technology
with the human being.
And I don't know how they
would have done that.
But as I said, as our technology
advances thousands of years
into the future,
a human has to be
able to coexist with
the higher technology.
And somehow that happens,
whether it's transhumanism
or how that actually happens.
>> JOSH: So these humans were
humans that were just augmented,
not synthetic beings with
a human consciousness?
>> DOTY: Right.
They were augmented.
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
>> JOSH: OK, cool.
Thank you for that.
But I want to talk about
this planet for a second,
because I have so
many questions.
The cities are floating in
the air, which is incredible,
like Jetsons kind of lifestyle.
But was the environment OK?
Was the Earth environment
like destroyed
and that's why they did it?
Or did it look fine?
They were just living
in the skies now.
>> DOTY: The question
I asked him was why--
was there a reason why, did
they explain to you why?
He said they did, but he
couldn't understand it.
But I said, did you
actually look at the ground?
Did you look at how far
were you up the spaceports?
Are they thousands of miles
up or are they close to Earth?
He said they're probably
a thousand feet up or so.
They didn't measure,
I don't think.
And he said, the Earth, the
environment on the Earth,
the land, the water, wherever
they were at looked normal.
I mean, there wasn't
any distortion
because I thought kind of
catching what you were saying,
maybe the Earth was
damaged to the point where
they couldn't live on Earth,
so they had to live up here.
But there could
be some reason why
the environment on the
ground couldn't support life,
and that's why they
had to move everything
in the anti-gravity environment.
Or maybe something
occurred on Earth
that these cities had to be up
in an anti-gravity environment.
But that's just so
incredible to think about how
humans could live like that.
I mean, he said they saw
crafts, like vehicles
that were flying around almost
like the Jetsons, he said,
kind of like the Jetsons.
>> JOSH: Were they primarily
living in these cities up above?
Or was there people
living on the ground
and in the cities and they're
kind of going back and forth?
>> DOTY: As I understand him
explaining that there were
humans still living on
the planet's surface.
But for some reason, the cities,
at least the ones that they saw,
were floating above
the ground level
for some particular reason.
And again, that wasn't
fully explained.
And maybe they
couldn't understand.
Like I said earlier, the
explanation for why the cities
were up there, they couldn't
understand it because the word,
the language that was
being used, the technology,
the explanation, you're
trying to explain the workings
of a complicated jet engine
to somebody from the 1600s.
They couldn't understand
what you're talking about,
even though you were speaking
the same language, English
or French or whatever
you're speaking.
So there's obviously, even
though English was being spoken,
the terminology and the
words being used 4,000 years
in the future isn't being
understood by the 20th century
man.
Now, one of the
questions I asked him,
was there any hostilities
towards the astronauts?
Absolutely not.
There was no hostilities.
They recognized them as humans.
They recognized the astronauts,
as being from the past.
And they had as many
questions to the astronauts
as the astronauts had to them.
>> JOSH: Oh, wow.
>> DOTY: Because they're
4,000 years into the future,
they don't know
where these people--
what year did you come from?
And the first thing I would have
asked if I was 4,000 years--
what year did you
leave to get here?
And then the question is, what
portal did you come through?
Or was it highway
number 16 or whatever.
However, they made
all those questions
I wish I would have
asked, but I didn't ask.
So the complexity of this is
that these astronauts from
the 20th century are flying into
space and docking with Earth
4,000 years into the future.
There's 1,000 different things
that we should have asked
or they should have asked that
would have explained a lot
of things to us.
But unfortunately, what I'm
telling you is what he told me.
>> JOSH: OK, so is there any
other interactions or anything
important you'd like to
share about this event?
>> DOTY: Yeah, very
important part.
During the interaction with
the Earthlings from the future,
they wanted to examine
the humans from the past,
and they had a scanner that
the humans stood in front of
and there was a light
that went over their body.
And probably similar to an MRI
or a really advanced MRI or CAT
scan.
But it took only a
few seconds to do,
and they had the full picture
of that human, everything
about that human.
And they were very interested
about the circulatory system
and the lung capacity of
the humans from the past.
Because apparently,
although he didn't say,
go into any great
details about it,
but apparently the
humans into the future
had different body structures,
or their lungs were different,
their circulatory
system was different.
Now, if you consider that maybe
those humans in the future,
as we were saying earlier, were
part robotic or something else,
that's probably why they
were interested to see
how they evolved.
Earthlings in the future are
probably more interested in how
they evolved to where they are
at, because they didn't have
a chance to look at somebody
4,000 years into the past.
And so I think that's
fascinating to think of that,
that they were as
interested in the astronauts
as the astronauts were
interested in them.
And the last thing I want to say
about this was the astronauts
wanted to take something
back with them.
So they gave them a device
that looked like a tablet.
But the problem is they
gave him this device that
looked like a
tablet, and he said
it almost looked like one
of those Kindle devices
you would buy a kid that
you could play games on it.
But there wasn't
anything on the screen.
But they gave it to
them, but the problem
is they didn't
explain how it worked.
So they brought that back.
Now, scientists took-- when
they brought it back and gave it
to the scientists
and say, here's
what we brought from the
future, they're saying, well,
how does it work?
Believe it or not,
it was in 1988.
It took till 1996.
Yeah, eight years, to
figure out this thing
worked through consciousness.
>> JOSH: Of course.
>> DOTY: You had to use
consciousness to turn it on.
And consciousness played
or brought up things.
But it took them eight
years to figure that out.
So that's just an example of how
their technology had advanced
4,000 years, and ours, we
couldn't figure out how to turn
the thing on.
>> JOSH: Right, like
how we charge it,
how do we turn it on,
what even is this thing?
>> DOTY: Really, one of the
most important things that they
learned after they got back and
recorded everything was that
these Earthlings, from
4,000 years into the future,
has made the journey
back to Earth.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
OK.
>> DOTY: They have
traveled back in time.
I don't-- that wasn't
explained, but they came back.
But one of the
things that they said
that was recorded that
the scientists figured out
was that they come
back to look at Earth,
but they could not touch
or change anything.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> DOTY: And they never did.
>> JOSH: So I shouldn't be
suspicious of all the tall,
bald people on the planet?
Like they didn't come down here.
They're just observing us from.
From above.
>> DOTY: But think about it.
If we had the technology 4,000
years into the future to come
back to Earth, 10,000 years in
the future probably can do it.
100,000 years in the future,
we could come back and do it.
So what we're seeing in some
of the phenomena of UFOs,
could it be us from
the future coming back?
And that's always
a question that's
been asked at almost every
single UFO convention.
Or these UFO researchers
saying a lot of these things
that we're seeing are
really us from the future.
And I never connected the two.
I mean, I just didn't
think about that.
But the crafts are different
because in the future
they're not going to be the
same as our crafts, spacecrafts.
So we see something
in the sky that's
flying that we can't
identify, maybe
it is something in the future.
But one of the things
that they specifically
told the astronauts,
and they figured it out
later in the recordings,
is that we went back
to observe, we never
changed anything.
We didn't alter anything.
We went back, we observed, and
then came back to the future.
And there's a theory out there,
the paradox theory, of course,
is that if you go back in time--
and I don't want to
really go too deep in this
because that's for
another subject--
there are people out there that
claim that you go back in time,
you're in a bubble.
You can't change anything.
You can go back to observe, but
you can never change anything.
Like you can't go back
and kill your grandfather
or your great grandfather
or something like that.
There's some particular
paradox for that.
And I think that's
the same thing
that they were trying to
explain to us, was we come back
and observe you.
We want to go back
and see what Earth
was in 1980 or
whatever, 1988 or 1990,
but we're not going
to disturb anything.
>> JOSH: So we can see them.
They can see us, but they can't
really affect our reality today?
>> DOTY: Exactly.
>> JOSH: OK.
We have Cronus 1,
we have Cronus 2,
were there future versions
of the Cronus craft?
>> DOTY: Josh, that's
for another episode.
>> JOSH: All right,
well, thank you, Rick.
This is an incredible
conversation.
Thank you for being here.
My name is Josh Golembeske.
This is Cosmic Disclosure.
Thank you for watching.
We'll see you next time.
[THEME MUSIC]